README.md, before:

# SitemapBundle

SitemapBundle provides a simple way to generate XML sitemaps for Symfony
applications using PHP attributes.

## Installation

```bash
composer require jgniecki/sitemap-bundle
```

After the bundle is installed, run the install command to copy the default
configuration and route setup into your project:

```bash
php bin/console sitemap:install
```

This command will create the following files if they do not already exist:

* `config/packages/sitemap.yaml` – default bundle configuration with group
  definitions.
* `config/routes/sitemap.yaml` – imports the sitemap route loader.

## Usage

Annotate your controllers or actions with the `#[Sitemap]` attribute to include
routes in the sitemap:

```php
use jgniecki\SitemapBundle\Sitemap\Attribute\Sitemap;
use jgniecki\SitemapBundle\Sitemap\Enum\ChangeFreqEnum;
use Symfony\Component\Routing\Attribute\Route;

#[Sitemap(priority: 1.0, changefreq: ChangeFreqEnum::DAILY)]
#[Route('/', name: 'homepage')]
public function index(): Response
{
    // ...
}
```

### Configure hosts and groups

You can define sitemap groups per host in `config/packages/sitemap.yaml`. A default
configuration is generated by the install command:

```yaml
sitemap:
    default_priority: null
    default_changefreq: null
    hosts:
        default:
            groups:
                default:
                    path: '/sitemap-default.xml'
                    lastmod: null
#        main:
#            host: 'example.(com|pl)'
#            groups:
#                default:
#                    path: '/sitemap-general.xml'
#                blog:
#                    path: '/sitemap-blog.xml'
```

Each host can override the path and last modification date for its sitemap groups.

### Accessing the sitemap

The bundle registers routes for your sitemaps automatically. Visit
`/sitemap.xml` to see the sitemap index when multiple groups are configured.
The default group's sitemap for a host is available under the path defined in
`sitemap.hosts.<alias>.groups.default.path`.

## License

This bundle is released under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Default group path now null

README.md, after:

# SitemapBundle

SitemapBundle provides a simple way to generate XML sitemaps for Symfony
applications using PHP attributes.

## Installation

```bash
composer require jgniecki/sitemap-bundle
```

After the bundle is installed, run the install command to copy the default
configuration and route setup into your project:

```bash
php bin/console sitemap:install
```

This command will create the following files if they do not already exist:

* `config/packages/sitemap.yaml` – default bundle configuration with group
  definitions.
* `config/routes/sitemap.yaml` – imports the sitemap route loader.

## Usage

Annotate your controllers or actions with the `#[Sitemap]` attribute to include
routes in the sitemap:

```php
use jgniecki\SitemapBundle\Sitemap\Attribute\Sitemap;
use jgniecki\SitemapBundle\Sitemap\Enum\ChangeFreqEnum;
use Symfony\Component\Routing\Attribute\Route;

#[Sitemap(priority: 1.0, changefreq: ChangeFreqEnum::DAILY)]
#[Route('/', name: 'homepage')]
public function index(): Response
{
    // ...
}
```

### Configure hosts and groups

You can define sitemap groups per host in `config/packages/sitemap.yaml`. A default
configuration is generated by the install command:

```yaml
sitemap:
    default_priority: null
    default_changefreq: null
    hosts:
        default:
            path: '/sitemap.xml'
            groups:
                default:
                    path: null
                    lastmod: null
#        main:
#            path: '/sitemap.xml'
#            host: 'example.(com|pl)'
#            groups:
#                default:
#                    path: '/sitemap-general.xml'
#                blog:
#                    path: '/sitemap-blog.xml'
```

Each host can override the path for the sitemap index and the path and last modification date for its sitemap groups. When a host defines only the default group, the `sitemap.hosts.<alias>.groups.default.path` setting is ignored and a warning is triggered; use `sitemap.hosts.<alias>.path` instead.

### Accessing the sitemap

The bundle registers routes for your sitemaps automatically. Visit
the path defined in `sitemap.hosts.<alias>.path` (default `/sitemap.xml`) to see
the sitemap index when multiple groups are configured. The default group's
sitemap for a host is available under the path defined in
`sitemap.hosts.<alias>.groups.default.path`.

## License

This bundle is released under the MIT license.
